Final blog post for request show redesign rollout (#508)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2025-09-11-details_new_request-workflow.md

---
layout: post
title: "The New Request Workflow in Detail"
category: development
---

> The new Request Workflow is already enabled for many of you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a couple of months beta testing, the new request workflow user interface is enabled for everyone now.
```

Reviewer: We should post this when the majority of people is moved. Not before...

Let's take a closer look at the key improvements and what they mean for you.

## Why We Redesigned the Request Page

> With the new UI we introduce an information hierarchy which intends to enhance collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working together on software in an OBS request brings a lot of information. There is usually a conversation between people/tools about the changes proposed, there are the changes to the sources (the patch!) and, as OBS is about building binary packages from sources, there are the builds of the proposed changes. With the old user interface (UI) all of this information was stuffed onto one page without any particular order. To enhance collaboration we introduced an information hierarchy  to help everyone to understand and navigate this trove of information as easy as possible.
```

> The redesign separates the information into four tabs: Conversation, Build Results, Changes, and Mentioned Issues.
> This will provide a clear and broader idea about the request and will make it easier to find what you need without having to scroll through the entire page.
> Users can now focus on important elements like conversations, people involved or workflow steps which were previously lost among other details and code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve a better information hierarchy the redesign separates all the information into four tabs: Conversation, Build Results, Changes, and Mentioned Issues.

So once you visit the request page the focus is on the most important elements to grasp if this request is of interest to you:

1. The reason why this request was created
2. The people involved in working on this request
3. The conversation between people about the proposed changes
4. A summary of what needs to happen to move this request forward
5. A way to move the request forward

The detailed build results, the detailed view of the changes and the details about the defects mentioned in the change are now on separate tabs because they are "only" important if you want to dive deeper into the request.
```
